<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2269&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - March 3, 2021 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>March 3, 2021 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic7d61.html?f=2&amp;t=2269">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2269</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>March 3, 2021 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Thu Mar 11, 2021 10:40 am</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">In Attendance;<br /><ul><li> Jessica Koerner (Prez)</li><li> John Taylor</li><li> Steve Rodrigues (GGNRA Liason, Treasurer)</li><li> Danny Freeman</li><li> Urs (Tandem Admin)</li><li> Brad Martin (Safety Director)</li><li> Chris Valley (Vice Prez)</li><li> Rob Racer (Clubhouse Manager)</li><li> Andy Balk</li><li> Masayo Eda</li><li> Takeo Eda</li><li> Isaiah Clapp</li><li> Ron Barry (Secretary, Training Bowl Administrator)</li><li> David Egli</li><li> John Simpson</li></ul><br />Notable Flights<br /><ul><li> John had a nice shear flight a couple weeks back.</li><li> Jessica flew Lake Elsinore for the first time - great soaring flight. Ended<br />    up headding to Valle de Bravo with some of those pilots who were traveling<br />    there for the El Penon Classic Race. Highly recommended! Excellent flying,<br />    adorable town.</li></ul><br />President (Jessica)<br /><ul><li> Thanks to Steve, who sent in the non-profit forms to the govt.</li><li> Look for the article in sfgate about FF flying. <!-- m --><a class="postlink" href="https://www.sfgate.com/local/article/SF-Fort-Funston-hang-gliding-15966147.php.html">https://www.sfgate.com/local/article/SF ... 966147.php.html</a><!-- m --></li><li> The Amazon app that was using Fellow Feathers' branding has been pulled down<br />    by the publisher.</li></ul><br />Vice President (Chris Valley)<br /><ul><li> 33 Stickers have gone out by mail. The funds have been forwarded to Steve.</li></ul><br />Treasurer (Steve)<br /><ul><li> $24,217.14, minus $12 roofing fund = $12,217.14.</li><li> Steve has deposited the checks from Chris Valley, but they have not yet<br />    cleared and been added to our available balance. The pending $624 will bring<br />    our total to $24,841.14 (minus the roofing fund = $12,841.14)</li><li> Filed the state income tax form.</li><li> Additional slots in the clubhouse look to add ~$900/year.</li><li> We're starting to build up a war chest. The IRS doesn't like non-profits to<br />    hold more than about 2 years of expenses. For us, that would be ~$20,000/yr.<br />    We are soliciting ideas for ways to invest the capital.<br />    <ul>    <li> Takeo suggested a First Aid/CPR course for our pilots. Will discuss later.<br />    </li></ul></li></ul><br />GGNRA Liason (Steve)<br /><ul><li> Had a meeting w/ James Sword ~10 days ago;<br />    <ul>    <li> Asked about how we'll change the electrical system in the new clubhouse<br />        area. That will be submitted.<br />    </li><li> James asked about George's accident. Other GGNRA officials have expressed<br />        deep concern about the publicity that accompanied George's accident. <br />        James commented that this could have been a fatality, and that it follows<br />        another recent fatality.<br />    </li><li> As a result, we've been asked for stats; death rates, accident rates,<br />        injury rates, flight numbers.<br />    </li><li> We're currently under a microscope. We need to be on our best behavior<br />        in terms of safety. We can't have accidents.<br />    </li><li> If we hit a spectator, we will lose the flying site. Full stop.<br />    </li><li> It was pointed out to James that people are killed rock climbing at<br />        Yosemite, buried by dirt at Funston. Why are we singled out? The answer<br />        is that HG is a niche operation at Funston. The number of participants<br />        in HG vs the number of pedestrians at the Fort are different by 1000x,<br />        but have similar accident statistics. A hiking accident only ever affects<br />        the hiker, but a hiker's mistake doesn't put other hikers at risk.<br />    </li><li> Language in our SUP reads that the permit may be cancelled at any time<br />        for any reason.<br />    </li><li> GGNRA have held us responsible for our behavior in all of their space,<br />        but we are only able to manage pilots in areas covered by our SUP - <br />        specifically, Fort Funston.<br />    </li><li> Proposals, which Steve will enter in time for the next meeting in order<br />        to follow the 10-day warning protocol on rule change proposals.:<br />        <ul>        <li> &quot;No aerobatics or stunt flying at Fort Funston.&quot;<br />        </li><li> Send some official reminder that everyone MUST abide by the<br />            1-wingspan rule, with suspensions when violated.<br />        </li></ul>    </li><li>    </li></ul></li></ul><br />Clubhouse Manager (Rob)<br /><ul><li> Has processed about 50% of applications. THE LOCK HAS BEEN CHANGED.</li><li> Has built an attachment for the water spigot. We'll be able to wash<br />    the clubhouse and, potentially, gliders.</li><li> Purchased a ladder for use in the clubhouse, so people have an easier time<br />    getting gliders on and off the upper racks. This was a personal donation.<br />    THANKS ROB!!!!!</li><li> Rob has a plan to discourage whoever has been doing graffiti on the back of<br />    the building.</li></ul><br />Tandem Administrator (Urs)<br /><ul><li> No comments. No new requests for inspection.</li><li> Urs asked about a tandem pilot who flew passengers, yesterday. Urs had not<br />    received paperwork from him, or inspected his gear this year, but Rob said<br />    he (Rob) had done the annual inspection, as allowed by section 4 of the FF<br />    Tandem Regulations. Urs has asked that the pilot provide paperwork (none of<br />    the passengers were 30-day members, they are full members of USHPA) so the<br />    tandem pilot will provide those USHPA ids to Urs immediately.</li></ul><br />Safety Director<br /><ul><li> Acknowledged George's accident. We didn't discuss it, since it was last<br />    month.</li><li> A pilot had a downtube break after a bad approach and landing, yesterday.<br />    Brad spoke to him in an official capacity about it, and doesn't feel the<br />    pilot took him seriously. This is the second time in as many months that<br />    this pilot has been in serious danger in the air and the second time that<br />    he has rebuffed the Safety Officer. There is video of the former incident.<br />    His instructor has been informed, has seen the video, and will discuss the<br />    pilot's repeated sketchy flying and the liklihood that it will cause him a<br />    loss of rating.</li><li> I (as the secretary) asked if, when pilots' names come up in the open forum<br />    of the board meeting, if their name should be recorded. There's been<br />    question on this in the past when it came to a few recalcitrant offenders,<br />    so I wanted to clarify. Consensus was no.</li></ul><br />Training Bowl Administrator<br /><ul><li> No news.</li></ul><br />New business.<br /><ul><li> Jessica suggested doing an assisted windy launch clinic. She will be<br />    speaking to Zac about the possibility of teaching such a thing. This led to<br />    some conversation about the necessity.</li><li> Discussion included the number of blown launches, unhooked launches,<br />    un-preflighted gliders. There needs to be a standard of instruction. A<br />    number of volunteers stood up to work out the solution. Assisted Windy<br />    Cliff Launch is a special skill, which can only be signed off by an instructor or<br />    appointed observer for our region. (<!-- m --><a class="postlink" href="https://www.ushpa.org/page/observer-search?state=ca">https://www.ushpa.org/page/observer-search?state=ca</a><!-- m -->)<br />    No information available, during the meeting, as to whether anyone (in<br />    addition to instructors) is allowed to teach these skills.</li><li> The list of volunteers;<br />    <ul>    <li> Jessica<br />    </li><li> Brad<br />    </li><li> Masayo<br />    </li><li> Takeo<br />    </li><li> Urs<br />    </li><li> Steve<br />    </li><li> John<br />    </li></ul></li><li> Planning for spot-landing day.<br />    <ul>    <li> We don't know what GGNRA's rules on gatherings is, atm. Steve is already<br />        slated to have a conversation with our GGNRA rep about the rules.<br />    </li><li> Rob was volunteered (and accepted) to help plan whatever event we're<br />        allowed to have. Jess will coordinate planning and logistics with Rob.<br />    </li></ul></li><li> Danny would like to nominate Rob as a member for life (gratis.) There was a<br />    second. There is a concern about precedent. Everyone was energetically<br />    complimentary of Rob (and Steve). Your humble documentor's opinion is that<br />    this club would not exist without the combined efforts of these fine<br />    gentlemen. When you see them, please take a moment to express to them our<br />    tremendous debt of gratitude.</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2269&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
</html>