<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2251&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - September 2, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>September 2, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopicff83.html?f=2&amp;t=2251">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2251</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>September 2, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Sun Sep 06, 2020 11:14 am</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>Steve Rodrigues</strong></div>
				<div class="content">The Fellow Feathers of Fort Funston Hang Gliding Club meeting minutes: September 2, 2020<br />Steve R. taking minutes (filling in for Ron B. who does a much better job!)<br />Brought to order at 7:02 pm<br />Attendance:<br />Isaiah Clapp, President<br />Rob Johnson, Clubhouse Manager<br />Steve Rodrigues, Treasurer, Liaison to the GGNRA.<br />George Artz, Technology Officer<br />Urs Kellenberger, FF Tandem Administrator<br />Richard Sibley<br />Jessica Koerner<br /><br />Presidents Report:  <br />Discussed what to do about pilots who are not members of USHPA or the club trying to fly, best action to point out rules, take video but be non-confrontational. Great Shear on 8/21. Working with Richard Sibley and Lijian Liu to create training videos on AWCL.<br /><br />Treasurer Report:<br />Current bank balance: $22,387.30, less $12K roofing fund, $10,387 liquid assets. FF Budget for fiscal year 2019-2020 is $9,947- so club is ahead $440-. The new storage room will cost the club $435- so club is on track if this donation trend continues. Urs pointed out that we received an exceptional donation of $500-, can’t count on that. <br />Discussed roofing fund: Rob says that we can patch weak areas if/when they develop so not likely to need all 12K at once. Steve expects we would have advance notice from GGNRA when it’s time to replace the roof so it’s OK to tie it up in a CD. Instructed to put the $12K roofing fund into a CD or interest bearing account.<br />Clubhouse Manager Report:<br />About 12 clubhouse members have not paid for 2020 which represents $900- due to club.  Called delinquent members, some to pay, two or more to move out which would open up more spaces for new members. <br />Technology Officer Report:<br />Looking for alternatives to graph on weather station, working with Ron on a workaround. Crestline Soaring Society just redid their website, have name of contact to possibly emulate what they are doing.<br />Isaiah recommends checking out the South Carolina HG association website as another good example.<br />Web host will stop supporting older versions of PHP software, checking to see if our database is compatible with latest PHP update.<br /><br />GGNRA Liaison Report:<br />Working with GGNRA to renew our Special Use Permit. Adding extra storage room to SUP. <br />Re: Drainage issue due to runoff from parking lot. Steve pulled up the 40+- sandbags that had deteriorated since last winter, will need to get more for the upcoming rainy season.<br />Re: Parking lot repaving. Notified the GGNRA of drainage issue last year, was told that there was a plan to repave the parking lot so requested that 6” drainage curb be added to the plans. Is now confirmed that the new plans include adding a 6” curb to protect the hang gliding area! Project to be done next year, 2021.<br /><br />Urs received text message mid-meeting that “Marginal” Mark Lilledahl has passed away. Held a moment of silence in his memory.<br /><br />FF Tandem Administrator Report:<br />Rob inspected Danny Freeman’s tandem gear and signed him off to do tandems at the Fort.<br /><br />Other business:<br />Rob reported that Iceplant is growing nicely on launch to help stabilize the area.<br />Steve mentioned that the Clubhouse insurance is being renewed as required by our SUP.<br /><br />Meeting adjourned at 8:00 pm</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2251&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
</html>