<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2229&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:00:06 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - April 2, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>April 2, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic21b4.html?f=2&amp;t=2229">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2229</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>April 2, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Sun Apr 05, 2020 1:16 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Note: Due to the quarantine, the meeting was held via Zoom. There were some<br />issues with Rob's connection, but it was otherwise successful. If anyone was<br />unable to join, please let us know so we don't have a repeat failure in the next<br />meeting.<br /><br />Present;<br /><ul><li>Isaiah</li><li>Steve Rodrigues</li><li>Ron Barry</li><li>John Kelly</li><li>Rob Racer</li><li>Jessica Koerner</li><li>Danny Freeman</li><li>George Artz</li><li>Chris Valley</li></ul><br />Open Discussion;<br /><ul><li> A couple pilots (Chris Bolfing, Joey Villafor) still need keys. Rob's connection froze, so we'll<br />  mention it to him later.</li></ul><br />Vice President;<br /><ul><li> A few checks rolling in. Not a lot.</li></ul><br />Steve Rodriguez (Treasurer/GGNRA Liason)<br /><ul><li> There are a number of pilots who have two slots in the clubhouse. This is permitted, as<br />    long as they are willing to vacate when we get a new pilot requesting a first slot. It's<br />    been a headache to randomly select a pilot every time we need one, notify them, and give<br />    them time to make arrangements for their second glider. Last month, it was suggested that<br />    we just take the list of pilots and do a random draw of all of them to get an order that<br />    they will give up slots. This way, the vacating pilot will have plenty of warning that<br />    they'll need to make alternate arrangements. The drawing was done, and the order in which<br />    pilots will need to give up their second slots is;<br />  <ul>  <li> Fred Hutchinson<br />  </li><li> David Royer<br />  </li><li> Steve Rodriguez<br />  </li><li> Dave Crafts<br />  </li><li> Isaiah Clapp<br />  </li><li> Chris Watson<br />  </li><li> Kimo Bowden<br />  </li><li> Eric Brainard<br />  </li><li> Danny Freeman<br />  </li><li> Brad Martin<br />  </li><li> Alessandro<br />  </li><li> James Mueller<br />  </li><li> Joey Villafor<br />  </li></ul></li><li> $19,867.49 minus $12,000 roofing fund leaves $7,867.49. Glider slots theoretically full. 40 people<br />  haven't paid yet, which gets us another $3k. Annual burn this year is expected to be $9,600.</li><li> We had a flooding issue, this winter. Water from the lot was eroding the cliff. We sandbagged the<br />  verge. We've asked GGNRA to rebuild the burm. The request has been filed, but given the govt red<br />  tape, and the Covid environment, it may be a while before there's a response or action.</li></ul><br />Rob (Clubhouse Manager):<br /><ul><li> Has a new windsock, Brad Martin will be copying it so we don't have to purchase the high-end<br />  calibrated ones. (Brad's going to do a bunch of 'em.)</li><li> Has a few applications to process.</li><li> We need to fix one of the glider slots in the clubhouse. A while back, it was cut down to house<br />  just one glider. Once this is remedied, we'll put John kelly (who is on the top of the list) in<br />  the new slot.</li><li> Rob's been adding layers of dirt and iceplant, trying to keep up with the erosion issues.</li></ul><br />Safety Director (Brad - Absent)<br /><ul><li> Ron asked about whether we need to make some action to ensure that accident reports are being<br />  filed when they're supposed to be.</li></ul><br />Other.<br /><ul><li> Ron and Steve will talk, offline, about handing off the process of getting all of our documents<br />  updated.</li><li> The box is in need of stickers and a cash withdrawl. Pulling the cash is a higher priority than<br />  the stickers, but Steve and Ron will work it out.</li><li> Danny Freeman was asked: is GGNRA's official stance that we are grounded?<br />  <ul>  <li> Steve contacted (James Sword?) GGNRA last week, asking almost exactly that. The last time GGNRA<br />    locked the gates, they closed flying because emergency vehicles wouldn't be able to get in. We<br />    have not heard anything official on the current event, but have to act on the previous policy.<br />    <span style="font-weight: bold">This means that, unless we hear anything to the contrary, per GGNRA, we are NOT allowed to<br />    fly as long as the gates are locked. Pilots violating this restriction will be subject to<br />    the same suspensions that would be given to any other unregistered/suspended/banned pilot.</span><br />  </li></ul></li><li> Danny's follow-up question: what about the dumps? The last time I (Ron) was there, the copes were<br />  there, enforcing the closure of the entire park - not just the parking lot.</li><li> We're working to get the &quot;ropes&quot; camera replaced. We have a waterproof case ordered. The idea is<br />  to put the new camera on the roof. With the higher vantage point and the wider camera angle, that<br />  view will be more useful - visibility of the water and the setup area.</li><li> Isaiah mentioned Takeo's query about whether we can get a new weather station at the cliff. GGNRA<br />  has forbidden the addition of new towers. We're reluctant to add any more weight (wind gauge,<br />  wifi, power supply) to the windsock tower. Power would have to be run all the way to the cliff, and. <br />  we've no idea if we'd be allowed. Solar on the sock tower would add further weight. No final decision<br />  was reached.</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2229&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:00:06 GMT -->
</html>