<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=1841&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:00:06 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - December 7th 2017 Fellow Feather’s Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>December 7th 2017 Fellow Feather’s Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic0ea9.html?f=2&amp;t=1841">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=1841</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>December 7th 2017 Fellow Feather’s Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Thu Dec 07, 2017 10:51 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>crvalley</strong></div>
				<div class="content">December 7th 2017 Fellow Feather’s Meeting Minutes<br /><br />In Attendance:  Rob Johnson, Steve Rodrigues, John Simpson, Chris Valley, Wayne Michelsen, Joey Villaflor, Zac Majors, Majo Majors, Chuck Kranz<br /><br />Guests / New Members:  Majo Majors <br /><br />Great Flights:  Zac flew Diablo and had an exciting 14 minute flight.  Wayne flew Diablo and had a 45 minute flight landing at Mitchell Canyon.  Joey flew Tam and had an awesome sledder.<br /><br />President’s Report (Joey Villaflor):  Nothing to report.<br /><br />Vice President’s Report (Wayne Michelsen):  Nothing to report.<br /><br />Secretary’s Report (Chris Valley):  November minutes posted.<br /><br />Treasurer’s Report (Lisa Lesser):  Not present.  Nothing to report.<br /><br />Clubhouse Officer’s Report (Rob Johnson):  No water issues after recent rain.  Garbage cans will be removed.  Arm is healed.  Work will continue on the HG racks the beginning of 2018.<br /><br />Safety Officer’s Report (John Simpson):  Nothing to report.  No commercial tandem flights allowed at the Fort. <br /><br />Tech Officer’s Report (Chuck Kranz):  Things broke, but got fixed.  Aged computer equipment will be replaced in 2018.<br /><br />Administrator Reports:<br /><br />	~ Tandem (Urs Kellenberger):  Not present. Nothing to report.<br />	~ Training Bowl (John Simpson):  Nothing to report.<br /><br />GGNRA Liaison Report (Steve Rodrigues):  Special Use Permit for 2018 has been given to Steve for review.<br /><br />Old Business:  No old business.<br /><br />New Business:  2018 Board nominations and elections.  Steve nominated Rob for President and Clubhouse Manager - seconded and all voted in favor.  John nominated Wayne for VP - seconded and all voted in favor.  Joey nominated Chris for Secretary - seconded and all voted in favor.  John nominated Steve for Treasurer - seconded and all voted in favor.  Chris nominated Chuck for Tech Officer - seconded and all voted in favor.  Chris nominated John for Safety Officer - seconded and all voted in favor.<br /><br />Newly elected officers for 2018:<br /><br />Rob Johnson - President and Clubhouse Manager<br />Wayne Michelsen - Vice President<br />Chris Valley - Secretary<br />Steve Rodrigues - Treasurer<br />Chuck Kranz - Tech Officer<br />John Simpson - Safety Officer<br /><br />It was also decided - and voted upon - to not have the January meeting - next meeting will be February 1st, 2018.<br /><br />Meeting adjourned at 9:05 PM.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=1841&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:00:06 GMT -->
</html>