<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=1885&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:00:06 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - September 6th 2018 Fellow Feather’s Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>September 6th 2018 Fellow Feather’s Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopicd9c6.html?f=2&amp;t=1885">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=1885</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>September 6th 2018 Fellow Feather’s Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Tue Sep 11, 2018 6:59 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>crvalley</strong></div>
				<div class="content">September 6th 2018 Fellow Feather’s Meeting Minutes<br /><br />In Attendance:  Steve Rodrigues, Rob Johnson, Wayne Michelsen, John Simpson.<br /><br />Guests / New Members:  No guests or new members.<br /><br />Great Flights:  No great flights to report.<br /><br />President’s Report (Rob Johnson):   Suggested proposal to have elections in November instead of December.  May have some benefit for officer transition time.  May change the nature of the December meeting (no biz, just fun).  Requires By-Laws change<br /><br />Vice President’s Report (Wayne Michelsen):  Have a stack of applications, but behind on database entry.  Approximately $150 of application money still to be handed off to Treasurer.  Had a great Labor Day in the Owens, but broke base tube.  <img src="images/smilies/icon_sad.html" alt=":(" title="Sad" /><br /><br />Secretary’s Report (Chris Valley):  Not present.  August meeting minutes posted.   <br /><br />Treasurer’s Report (Steve Rodrigues):    Actual fiscal news is rather good.  Current balance is $4788 + $12K roofing.  Fiscal 2019 Budget projects $800 in the green.  Budget accepted by unanimous vote.  GGNRA rent has been paid.<br /><br />Clubhouse Officer’s Report (Rob Johnson):  Nothing to report.<br /><br />Safety Officer’s Report (John Simpson):  Couple of Funston pilots are causing safety concerns such an incomplete glider setup with resulting scary flight, questionable judgement, and flying on the (slow) edge of flight envelope while landing.  We need to keep monitoring the situation, and to speak with our fellow pilots about self-assessment.  Future action may be needed.  CRV called members of another club requesting assistance with these concerns, as well.  There is great emphasis in the sport of free flight regarding progression and the proper steps to take - equally as important is regression and knowing when to take appropriate action not only as pilot in command, but as a flying community.<br /><br />Tech Officer’s Report (Chuck Kranz):  New S70 installed and working, needs adjusting.  Implementation report has been updated.  Proposal to put web-accessible video-security camera in clubhouse.  Further investigation needed.  No decision made.<br /><br />Administrator Reports:<br /><br />	~ Tandem (Urs Kellenberger):  Not present.  Nothing to report.  <br />	~ Training Bowl (John Simpson):  Nothing to report.<br /><br />GGNRA Liaison Report (Steve Rodrigues):   SUP expires 12/31.  C. Carillo spoke with kite flyer in LZ.  Asked to add kite flying clause into SUP.  Discussion about modifying SUP regarding aerobatics.  Clarify exclusion just for observation deck (not all Funston).<br /><br />Old Business:  No old business.<br /><br />New Business (Other):   Rob did some bush maintenance.  Steve did some significant terrain smoothing around launch.  VP-Wayne gave notice of his resignation.  Wayne indicated CRV was also probably not seeking reelection.  Jesse Meyers (PG Instructor) is taking HG lessons and earned H3 from John Simpson.  Jesse flies a Falcon 195.<br /><br />Board approved donation of $100 to Jug's Nor-Cal Pilot Forum. <br /><br />Meeting adjourned at 8:00 PM.<br /><br />Fly safe!</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=1885&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:00:06 GMT -->
</html>