<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2278&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - May 06, 2021 Fort Funston Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>May 06, 2021 Fort Funston Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic821a.html?f=2&amp;t=2278">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2278</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Re: May 06, 2021 Fort Funston Fellow Feathers Meeting Minute</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Sat May 08, 2021 9:13 am</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>Steve Rodrigues</strong></div>
				<div class="content">May 06, 2021 Fort Funston Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes<br /><br />Meeting by Zoom<br /><br />In attendance;<br /><br />•	Jessica Koerner (Prez)<br />•	Ron (Secretary, Training Bowl Admin)<br />•	Rob Racer (Clubhouse Mgr)<br />•	Steve Rodrigues (GGNRA Liason, Treasurer)<br />•	Brad Martin (Safety Osifer)<br />•	George Artz (Tech Officer)<br />•	Rich Sibley<br />•	Chris Valley<br />•	David Egli<br />•	Isaiah Clapp<br /><br />Notable Flights<br /><br />•	Ron &amp; Richard did Paradise Airsports Nationals in Florida.<br />•	Jess did a great day at Crestline, launching in 22mph headwind.<br /><br />President's Report (Jessica)<br /><br />•	Asked CRV about Yosemite - should be a great year, but remember that the<br />Glacier Point Road repair project will close the site for 2022. Season is<br />June 3 - Last weeked of sept. CRV will be out there June 3-6 and July 17-18,<br />Sept 9-12, last weekend of Sept. We need to tread very lightly out there - there<br />are fragile relationships regarding our impact on the LZ meadow.<br />•	Spot landing contest is Saturday. Food shopping is done (Thanks, Rob!)<br />•	Jess, Brad, Steve will be the safety officers and will do the analysis and<br />provide the safety briefing at 11am.<br />•	Steve will provide a site intro, in case anyone hasn't had it or needs the<br />refresh.<br />•	Flying window will likely be 11:30-2:30, with fudge space in case we need<br />to adjust for weather.<br />•	It's pot-lucky, so bring something munchable.<br />•	Chris says he loves forms and paperwork, so he'll happily deal w/<br />registration.<br /><br />Treasurer's Report (Steve Rodrigues)<br /><br />•	Chris has key to the storage lockbox.<br />•	$12k roofing fund has been moved to a CD, earning interest. Now $12,000.51!<br />•	Balance of liquid asset account: $12,443.31<br />•	Diver Dave picked up a wheelbarrow and pitchforks for us. Reimbursed:$213.37<br />•	Red cross bill has been paid.<br /><br />GGNRA Report (Steve Rodrigues)<br /><br />•	GGNRA (James) got a call from SF Dog org, who does cleanup out there. SFD<br />used to use our new room, and called to find out where their stuff went. James<br />says there was nothing in there, and told them so, but called Steve to confirm<br />that there were no tools. If any of us are asked about it, refer them to Steve<br />or the GGNRA. (They were never paying for the space.)<br />•	Steve told James that we'd had an arborist assessment on the bush. Told him<br />that the bush needs water due to drought and climate change. Asked James whether<br />we can run a line out there to water it. The Australian Tea Tree is non-native,<br />so they don't care about it. We have no support for caring for it.<br />•	We can't dig in a new line, but there's been consideration of just getting<br />a long hose to water it periodically. We have been specifically forbidden from<br />digging - even GGRNA can't dig to put in postholes.<br />•	We're getting more chips delivered. First dump was Tuesday - not enough to<br />need us to be involved in spreading them. The quality isn't fantastic, but<br />they'll provide fill and soil retention. We just put out cones w/ green flags to<br />indicate where we need each dump.<br /><br />VP's Report (Chris Valley)<br /><br />•	Money from April's been mailed to Steve.<br />•	Lockbox was emptied a couple weeks ago, will be emptied Saturday.<br /><br />Clubhouse Manager (Rob Racer)<br /><br />•	Only ~4 more applications in the last month.<br />•	About 25 people haven't paid this year.<br />•	Rob's going to have a few weeks before he can attack clubhouse projects<br />again.<br />•	We heard from Diver Dave that the scythe worked well for dealing with the<br />overgrowth. It'll be in the doghouse, but asks that people learn (from him) to<br />use it properly before they take it on.<br />•	Brad made us a new windsock. Brad, Steve, Rob, and Ron put it up on<br />Wednesday. Brad says it's a test to see how well it holds up. He'll iterate on<br />the design.<br /><br />Safety Officer's Report (Brad Martin)<br /><br />•	Submitted the quarterly accidents to USHPA.<br /><br />Tandem Administrator (Urs, absent)<br /><br />•	<br /><br />Tech Officer (George Arz)<br /><br />•	The Ropes Building pictures have not been updating on the website. George<br />thought it was just a need for a reboot. He had to get access to the building to<br />reboot it (if it freezes, we can't access remotely.) Latest reboot didn't solve<br />the problem. The wireless comms between the buildings needs replacement (it's<br />too long for standard wifi.) Replacement gear has been ordered, should arrive in<br />a week or two.<br /><br />Training Bowl Admin (Ron Barry)<br /><br />•	No-one has contacted me about operating there this year, so no-one should be<br />flying out of the training bowl.<br /><br />First aid class;<br /><br />•	11 participants. All became certified.<br />•	We'll talk about doing another one as the season winds down.<br /><br />Parachute clinic;<br /><br />•	10 attendees. Repacked 12 chutes. &quot;Deployment&quot; Dave talked through his<br />Funston deployment. Nearly everyone did a practice deployment.<br />•	Huge thanks to Masayo, who was helping on the assembly line for the entire<br />process.<br />•	Far too many of the 'chutes presented hadn't been repacked in &gt;4 years.<br />Please stay on top of your repacking schedules!<br /><br />Old Business<br /><br />•	Rule #5 from the bylaws: &quot;No aerobatics [definition] within [a window]&quot;.<br />GGNRA prohibit<br />it entirely in their area, so we have a proposed change that passed last month:<br />&quot;Stunt flying and aerobatics are prohibited at Fort Funston. Pilots may not<br />perform aerobatic maneuvers anywhere in the area from the south end of the<br />Training Bowl up to Sloat Blvd. Aerobatic maneuvers will be defined as any turn<br />with a bank angle in excess of 60 degrees, or where the pitch attitude of the<br />glider exceeds 30 degrees above or below horizontal.&quot; Proposal passed. This<br />becomes the new text of the bylaws.<br /><br />New Business<br /><br />•	Can we move the June meeting from Thursday to Tuesday? (June 3-&gt;June 1)<br />Unanimously agreed.<br />•	Discussion about what people should bring for pot luck. We won't be running<br />the grill. We're not going to organize in choices. Just bring stuff.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2278&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
</html>