<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2287&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - July 1, 2021 Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>July 1, 2021 Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic522b.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2287">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2287</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>July 1, 2021 Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Wed Jul 07, 2021 9:33 am</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">In attendance;<br /><ul><li> Jessica Korner (Prez)</li><li> Ron Barry (Secretary, Training Bowl Admin)</li><li> Brad Martin (Safety Officer)</li><li> Chris Valley (Vice President)</li><li> Todd Bricker</li><li> Steve Rodrigues (Treasurer, GGNRA Liason)</li><li> Rob Racer (Clubhouse Manager)</li><li> David Egli</li><li> George Artz</li></ul><br />Discussion;<br /><ul><li> Some intro talk about where people have been - and will be - flying. We'll<br />    be flying all over the place in the coming 3-day weekend. Chris has been<br />    launching entire flocks from Yosemite.</li><li> Jessica will be returning (triumphantly!) to The Bay Area next month.</li><li> Video edits of Takeo and Don Burns' talks are available on Takeo's YouTube<br />    channel (SiliconValleySky.)<br />    (&quot;Nose High Launch Talk&quot; and &quot;Coming Back From An Injury&quot;) Bayley's recent<br />    talk on Flying Near Air TRaffic will be coming along shortly. Please contact<br />    Jess or Takeo if you have a topic you would like to present or see presented.</li><li> There've been some minor Zoom issues. Any time we change the scheduling, we<br />    have to change the Zoom link, so make sure you are staying up-to-date with<br />    the notifications from Jess.</li></ul><br />President (Jessica)<br /><ul><li> Club event planning progress - (proposed dates)<br />    <ul>    <li> Saturday, August 7: Vintage Days<br />    </li><li> Saturday, September 4: Memorial for Marginal Mark and Chief.<br />    </li><li>Jess will put out an invite via the usual media.<br />    </li></ul></li><li> We're in the planning phase on the next parachute clinic. When Brad, et. al.,<br />    have a date, we'll let everyone know.</li><li> Steve talked w/ Sharp Park Golf Course about using the clubhouse for the next<br />    First Aid clinic. They asked us for tentative dates, and they'll let us know.<br />    We'll need to gauge interest first, to make sure that we have the minimum (6)<br />    number of attendees.</li><li> Got a large donation ($500) from Frank S. THANK YOU!!!!</li></ul><br />Vice President (Chris)<br /><ul><li> PO Box has been empty, but issuing stickers @ site. Sent $100 to Steve, which<br />    has been deposited.</li></ul><br />Treasurer (Steve)<br /><ul><li> $12,001.51 in the CD. $11,881.76 in the checking account. This includes the<br />    latest checks from Chris.</li><li> 156 helmet stickers issued so far this year.</li></ul><br />GGNRA Liason (Steve)<br /><ul><li> Got the go-ahead from James to complete electrical in the doghouse. Rob has<br />    completed the work and Steve will need to get photos to James.</li><li> We need to give the park 30 days' notice on the coming events.</li></ul><br />Safety Director (Brad)<br /><ul><li> No updates. No injuries.</li></ul><br />Traning Bowl Admin (Ron)<br /><ul><li> No word from anyone wanting to use it.</li></ul><br />Tech Officer (George)<br /><ul><li> Nothing to report</li></ul><br />Clubhouse Manager (Rob)<br /><ul><li> Four people are left unpaid and Rob has checks for Steve for those who have<br />    paid since last meeting.</li></ul><br />New Business<br /><ul><li> Jess: What do you think about moving our payments online? Steve thinks it's<br />    a good idea. We'd need to make sure that people click the &quot;Friends and Family&quot;<br />    button on Paypal, since we're a non-profit. Jess can put George in contact<br />    with the guy that did Crestline's online forms/payments.</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2287&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
</html>