<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2255&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - November 5, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>November 5, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopica6bd.html?f=2&amp;t=2255">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2255</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>November 5, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Thu Nov 05, 2020 9:04 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">In Attendance;<br /><ul><li> Ron Barry (Secretary)</li><li> Edwing Flores</li><li> Todd Bricker</li><li> Isaiah Clapp (President)</li><li> Chris Valley</li><li> Rol Klingberg</li><li> Steve Rodrigues (Treasury/GGNRA Liason)</li><li> George Artz (Tech Officer)</li><li> Javier Rios</li><li> Brad Martin (Safety Officer)</li><li> URS (Tandem Administrator)</li><li> Jessica Koerner</li></ul><br />Rob (Absentee - Clubhouse Manager)<br /><ul><li> Everyone is paid up in the clubhouse.</li><li> Kudos to Rob The Man - Treasury is in great shape partly due to his diligence<br />    on wrangling late-payers.</li></ul><br />President<br /><ul><li> Nothing to report, but read the Clubhouse Manager Report for Rob.</li></ul><br />Vice President<br /><ul><li> No New Applications</li></ul><br />Tresurer<br /><ul><li> $24,400.83, minus $12 roofing fund = $12,400.83</li><li> GGNRA Service District Charge (our &quot;rent&quot;) was just sent out: $3,603</li><li> $8,797.83 Remain after roofing fund and Service District Charge</li><li> Steve did some looking into getting an email service replacement (see George's Tech<br />    report). Google would charge us Business rates. If anyone has suggestions on how we can replace the misc. board email addresses, please contact Steve or George.</li></ul><br />GGNRA<br /><ul><li> Received signed copy of Special Use Permit. Some changes;<br />  <ul>    <li> 500AGL to fly over bank swallows during nesting season (Mar15-Aug15)<br />        (This matches what we had in the rules, since Dec, 2019, as a result of<br />         less formal agreement with GGNRA.)<br />    </li><li> We can call them any time to ask for chips.<br />    </li><li> We can move the (second) web camera from its current location (under the eaves) to<br />        its new location on top of the building.<br />  </li></ul></li></ul><br />Safety<br /><ul><li> Nothing to report.</li></ul><br />Tech<br /><ul><li> WebFaction is discontinuing service, so we'll be migrated (by them) to a<br />    different service. George is trying to get some details about how that<br />    happens (whether there's an outage, etc.). We know that it's supposed to be in<br />    December, sometime.</li><li> Isaiah asked about the flagpole-mounted weather station that we were going<br />    to mount on the windsock post. When it's installed, there's a concern about<br />    its broadcast range (~1000ft) so we may put a repeater on the outside of the<br />    clubhouse so the console - inside the clubhouse - can receive data.</li></ul><br />Tandem Admin<br /><ul><li> No tandem flights, at all. No participating pilots and incooperative<br />    weather.</li></ul><br />Training Bowl Admin (Absentee - via Brad)<br /><ul><li> No flights that John's aware of.</li></ul><br />New Business/Misc Conversation<br /><ul><li> Rol's working on Mark II of his 15m, foot-launch wing. He's 3 years in</li><li> Isaiah asked when Steve thinks we should ask for chips. GGNRA will, after<br />    we place the order, deliver them whenever they get them.</li><li> We need to replace the sandbags.</li><li> Check out Takeo's youtube video of Don Burns' Owens Valley intro:<br />    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vg5EvhN4IU0" class="postlink">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vg5EvhN4IU0</a></li></ul><br />Nominations for 2021 Clubhouse Officers. Results;<br /><ul><li> President - Isaiah Clapp</li><li> Vice President - Chris Valley</li><li> Safety Director - Jessica Koerner</li><li> Secretary - Ron Barry</li><li> Clubhouse Manager - Rob Racer</li><li> Treasurer - Steve Rodrigues</li><li> Tech Officer - George Artz</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2255&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
</html>