<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2238&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:00:06 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - June 4, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>June 4, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopicc064.html?f=2&amp;t=2238">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2238</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>June 4, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Tue Jun 09, 2020 2:14 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Attendees;<br /><ul><li> Ron Barry (Secretary)</li><li> Steve Rodrigues (GGNRA Liason, Treasurer)</li><li> Isaiah Clapp (President)</li><li> John Taylor</li><li> Brad Martin (Safety Officer)</li><li> Lisa</li><li> Urs</li><li> Patrick Pann</li><li> Todd Bricker</li><li> Chris Valley</li><li> Danny Freeman</li><li> Li Chen Liu</li><li> Richard Sibley</li><li> George Artz (Tech Officer)</li><li> Rob Racer (Clubhouse Manager)</li><li> Abhishek Sethi</li></ul><br />President (Isaiah Clapp)<br /><ul><li> PARK IS OPENING ON MONDAY.</li><li> Need to discuss Air Races.</li><li> Windsock needs replacing.</li><li> Need to discuss wood chips.</li><li> Drainage question?</li><li> Anenometer is offline - reading 0, though direction works.</li><li> Do we need a change to the rules.</li><li> Dog tandems?<br />Isaiah will be doing the executive management of the Air Races and looking<br />    for volunteers to handle the specific subprojects.</li></ul><br />VP (Ron Barry)<br /><ul><li> Only one sticker application in the last month.</li></ul><br />Treasurer (Steve Rodrigues)<br /><ul><li> $20,272.38 minus $12k leaves $8,272.38</li><li> 27 members unpaid ($2,160 in receivables)</li><li> Rob has a windsock in-hand. We need to change it. Brad'd like to get ahold<br />    of it with the idea of potentiall cloning and saving us the expense of<br />    swapping them out every 6 months.</li><li> Steve was asked about wood chips? He says it's hard to get any comms w/<br />    GGNRA at the moment. When we can talk to them, he'll ask.</li><li> Repaving question: GGNRA have done some core drillng for the lot. The<br />    process is on hold. The request to raise the burm has been passed on, but<br />    there's no word on the status of that specific issue.</li><li> Steve checket out the possibility of mounting the new camera under the eaves<br />    of the building. (Where the current southern camera sits.)</li><li> Isaiah asked if we should set up a rule change Re: COVID. We'll be following<br />    SF county recommendations about social distancing.</li><li> Special Use Permit expires soon. James (?) said he'll just clone the old one<br />    and renew it for 2 more years.</li><li> GGNRA's response to questions (regarding flying dogs) was their default was<br />    to say no, but given our recent clean record they might back whatever<br />    decision the club made.</li><li> Do we want to replace the door on the NorthWest room of the building to take<br />    it over? We pay $2.91 (?) per sq ft per year to GGNRA, so that room would<br />    add ~100X2.91. (We're not sure of the exact dimensiens.) We'll probably use<br />    that space for adding some harness lockers. Rob would be happy to reframe<br />    the door and put up a stronger metal one. (GGNRA is offering the room to us<br />    after someone tried to kick in the door.)</li></ul><br />Clubhouse Report (Rob Racer)<br /><ul><li> Needs to talk to Brad about windsock duplication.</li></ul><br />Safety Officer (Brad Martin)<br /><ul><li> There was a crash at Westlake - not sure if Hang Glider or Paraglider.</li></ul><br />Tech Officer (George Artz)<br /><ul><li> Weather readings have been off for a whlie. George and Rob will pull it off<br />    the pole and inspect it on Monday or Tuesday.</li><li> Windtalker and web page are fed from different hardware sources.</li><li> Steve comment: Bay Area Air Quality Management provide a second windtalker<br />    system.</li><li> Brad offered to donate a weather system he has at home. (Davis Instruments)</li></ul><br />There followed a lengthy debate about whether or not to allow Tandem flights<br />involving dogs at Fort Funston. <br /><ul><li> Danny presented a list of potential rules, worked out in cooperation with<br />    other pilots and with the Dog Coalition of San Francisco.</li><li> Largely the debate surrounded 2 topics; what the potential reaction of the<br />    dog community would be if there were an accident and what sort of Tandem<br />    requirements would be in place to allow it.</li><li> Patrick strongly supported allowing dogs.</li><li> Danny was asked to get his T3 before we debate it again.</li><li> Ron suggested that we change the bylaws: in order to change club rules<br />    should require 2 consecutive club votes, and notification out to the entire<br />    club before such changes are voted on.</li><li> There was general agreement that if he got his T3, we'd take it up again<br />    later.</li><li> Danny asked for a vote to enact the rule change in this meeting, rather than<br />    waiting for a later meeting.</li><li> Conversation moved to how we hold meetings, whether in person or online (in<br />    the long run) is a better way to go. Everyone was supportive of the idea,<br />    and the next time we have an in-person meeting, we'll add a zoom link.</li><li> Urs (Tandem Admin) wants Danny to get his T3, and once he gets there we can<br />    discuss it again. Ron mentioned that Danny had his right to a vote, which<br />    Danny refused to request, citing that three of his yes votes had left the<br />    meeting already.</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2238&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:00:06 GMT -->
</html>