<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2259&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - January 7, 2021 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>January 7, 2021 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopica011.html?f=2&amp;t=2259">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2259</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>January 7, 2021 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Thu Jan 07, 2021 9:15 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">In attendance;<br /><ul><li> Jessica Koerner (Pres)</li><li> Steve Rodrigues (GGNRA Liason, Treasurer)</li><li> George Artz (Tech)</li><li> Kaveh Vejdani</li><li> Chris Valley (VP)</li><li> Danny Freeman</li><li> Urs (Tandem Admin)</li><li> Chris Kelley</li><li> Richard Sibley</li><li> Rob Racer (Clubhouse Mgr)</li></ul><br />Misc discussion;<br /><ul><li> Went through the attendees and introduced ourselves to Kaveh.</li><li> The car that went over the cliff didn't seem to do much damage in its launch<br />    or recovery.</li></ul><br />President (Jessica Koerner)<br /><ul><li> Overview of &quot;Brainstorming Meeting&quot; results; Notes will be separately<br />    available.</li><li> Jessica asked if it would be better to do the Spot Landing Day in May,<br />    instead of April, to get a better shake from the weather. We don't know<br />    where we'll be with lockdown procedures in May.</li><li> Steve and Jessica met with an SFGate reporter to do an article and provided<br />    photos for inclusion in publication.</li><li> Ron brought up a reminder that USHPA magazine prints few HG articles because<br />    they operate on pilot submissions, and we should put something together for<br />    them.</li><li> The production of a site intro video series (~2 min each) is underway. Takeo<br />    and Lijan will be doing the majority of that.</li></ul><br />VP (Chris Valley)<br /><ul><li> Stickers are coming.</li><li> Chris needed some intro to process for handling incoming applications.</li><li> The box is setup at the fort. (?)</li><li> We had an incident with a PPG pilot on New Year's Day. Chris chatted with<br />    him, reported him to dispatch (who didn't know powered aircraft weren't<br />    allowed.)</li><li> Steve has communicated with Park authorities - the rangers and dispatch have<br />    been re-instructed on the sitution.</li><li> If something similar happens in the future, ask dispatch to put you straight<br />    through to the officer on duty.</li></ul><br />Treasurer (Steve Rodrigues)<br /><ul><li> $19,474.72 in the bank, minus $12k = $7,474.72. The GGNRA Service District<br />    Charge check hasn't been cached, yet, so minus that, we're at 3871.72.</li><li> Thanks to Rob for getting everyone to pay their &amp;*^#&amp;^ fees last year.</li><li> Paypal still takes 3% of our income if you hit the donation button on the<br />    website. We'd prefer people transmit that using &quot;friends and family&quot; to<br />    avoid that, but it's not available if you go through the website.</li><li> George will look into making the button do the FnF donation, and into making<br />    the button bigger/more noticeable.</li></ul><br />GGNRA Liason (Steve Rodrigues)<br /><ul><li> Steve has talked w/ the park - we are on standby to get woodchips. There is<br />    also the possibility of getting chips from outside GGNRA sites, as long as<br />    the quality is good.</li></ul><br />Clubhouse (Rob Racer)<br /><ul><li> Rob found a new metal door for us that he got a steep discount on. The<br />    door is in (or should be 100% by Saturday.) Walls need paint.</li><li> Will be moving some of the lockers in the main area to the new space so we<br />    can add another rack and 12 more spots. The extra storage will more than<br />    pay our extra rent for the added space.</li><li> Dug a new culvert to divert flow away from the launch.</li><li> Steve and Rob did the sandbagging along the parking lot. Steve got someone<br />    from the Park service to provide the bags.</li><li> Keys will be cut this weekend. Locks will be changed around March 1.</li><li> We had the annual discussion about how to get people to pay their dues on<br />    time.</li><li> It was suggested that;<br />    Rules and waiver change: &quot;If you fail to pay your dues by June 1, you will<br />    lose your Clubhouse slot and locker. Your glider will be moved to<br />    Purgatory (and sold if left abandoned for a year.)&quot; However, everyone has<br />    already signed a waiver that says that - if they haven't paid by Feb 1 -<br />    they lose their slot and their gear goes to Purgatory.</li><li> AS A RESULT, IF you have not covered your dues by March 1, we will act upon<br />    the bylaws as they already stand and as you have already agreed to them.</li><li> Steve will fine-tune the language and circulate it to board before forwarding<br />    to all members.</li></ul><br />Tandem Report (Urs)<br /><ul><li> Urs is putting together the Tandem report and needs Tandem flight counts.</li><li> Danny had 3, Richard had 4. Urs will reach out to all other T* pilots to<br />    get numbers.</li><li> We have to send out an annual notice to tandem pilots reminding them that<br />    commercial operation is banned.</li><li> Before your first tandem flight each year, you MUST have your gear inspected<br />    by Urs.</li></ul><br />Tech (George Artz)<br /><ul><li> Website migration from WebFaction -&gt; TSOHost, we don't have a date for that<br />    yet, but expect to hear soon.</li><li> The Weather/Pic machine (in the clubouse) was down for 7 - 10 days. Rob<br />    donated a machine to take its place and George has it up and running.</li><li> Added a tide graph to the website page.</li></ul><br />Training Bowl Admin<br /><ul><li> Ron Barry will hold the position for 2021.</li><li> Anyone who uses the Training Bowl MUST have their insurance explicitly<br />    naming Fort Funston.</li></ul><br />Ushpa Safety Coordinator<br /><ul><li> Steve volunteered.</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2259&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
</html>