<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2247&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - August 8, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>August 8, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic07bd.html?f=2&amp;t=2247">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2247</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>August 8, 2020 Fellow Feathers' Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Wed Aug 26, 2020 10:41 am</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">In attendance;<br /><ul><li>Steve Rodrigues</li><li>Ron Barry</li><li>Brad Martin</li><li>Isaiah Clapp</li><li>John Taylor</li><li>Rich Sibley</li><li>Rob Racer</li><li>Urs</li><li>Jessica</li><li>Andy</li><li>Adrian deLisser</li></ul><br />President (Isaiah Clapp);<br /><ul><li>Pass</li></ul><br />VP (Ron Barry)<br /><ul><li>Pass</li></ul><br />Treasurer (Steve Rodrigues)<br /><ul><li>$21,620.38 in bank, minus $12k for roofing fund: $9,620.38</li><li>There are still people who haven't paid. It's the second half of the<br />   year, people.<br /></li><li>Empty storeroom inspection w/ james.</li><li><ul>   <li>17.5' x 18.5' HIGH ceiling.<br />   </li><li>No electrics, bare wires snipped off &amp; hanging loose.<br />   </li><li>Door is no good.<br />   </li><li>All work would be our financial responsibility.<br />   </li><li>$291/sqft, so + $434/year to take over the room, plus fixing cost.<br />   </li><li>Given our budget situation (full clubhouse), we bring in $7800/yr<br />      on cubhouse dues (when people pay). =] Previous year sticker<br />      donations (?)  We can afford the room and still have surplus. <br />   </li><li>Unanimous support. We'll communicate w/ James that we'll take it.<br />   </li></ul>   </li><li>The power lines to the clubhouse are exposed again. Called PG&amp;E<br />      to &quot;report downed power lines&quot;, who determined that the power lines<br />      are owned by the Parker Dept, and PG&amp;E isn't responsible. We don't<br />      know if The Park has done anything.<br />   </li><li>Some discusion followed about how we might prevent further wind<br />      erosion from exposing the cables again (assuming we re-bury them.)<br />   </li><li>Ron suggested this stuff: <!-- m --><a class="postlink" href="https://www.onlinefabricstore.net/jute-erosion-control-cloth-.htm?gclid=CjwKCAjw1K75BRAEEiwAd41h1NiXL9r_OOPEU-DPCQPWkvn29Uae5zWtldmaUQFNuw98IvKJLsGnyxoC4h8QAvD_BwE">https://www.onlinefabricstore.net/jute- ... h8QAvD_BwE</a><!-- m --></li></ul><br />Clubhouse<br /><ul><li>About 20 people haven't paid. Rob will send out a notification to everyone,<br />   after that, we're going to... do something.</li><li>Rob'll post a work party.</li><li>It was suggested that we tell unpaid pilots that they go to the end of the list the following<br />   year. They could potentially end up without a slot.</li></ul><br />Training Bowl Admin / Safety Officer<br /><ul><li>The instructors' meeting was Tuesday. Notes should be on website.</li><li>(Urs) We still have problems with spectators in the launch area.</li><li>(Steve) saw a pilot turtle &amp; break downtube. Miscommunication w/ wire crew.<br />   We need to emphasize, during site intro, if you're not comfortable with<br />   someone on the wire to kick them off. You're still the pilot in command.</li></ul><br />Unfinished/Continuing Business from last meeting.<br /><ul><li>Second vote to change the bylaws to require month-plus notification of rule<br />   changes, and multiple votes. (Adopted to prevent meeting-packing to game the<br />   system.) Unanimously passed.</li></ul><br />Other<br /><ul><li>We need to have a direct conversation w/ Dump pilots about how much the paragliders<br />   are crowding the Funston launch. The previous &quot;agreement&quot; was essentially that,<br />   if they faied to fly respectfuly, GGNRA woud approach the city about turning it<br />   into a regulated site. Rob'll send photos of the biggest offenders and Steve<br />   will have a conversation with the BAPA leadership about it. Hopefully BAPA can<br />   contact the non-bapa pilots and remind them that their actions endanger the<br />   unregulated nature of the dumps.</li><li>It was suggested that we replace the sandbags that are protecting the setup area.<br />   (We're likely to get busted for the fact that they're falling apart into litter.)<br />   We've been given permission (by GGNRA) to maintain the sandbags until they fix<br />   the parking lot, but that project has been on hold because of COVID. Rob will<br />   look into some sandbags that will be more durable to traffic.</li><li>Jessica will be nominated as a potential rep to USHPA.</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2247&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
</html>