<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2286&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:19:57 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - June 1, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>June 1, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic001b.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2286">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2286</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>June 1, 2020 Fellow Feathers Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Wed Jun 09, 2021 1:47 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">In Attendance<br /><ul><li> Jessica Koerner (President)</li><li> Masayo Eda</li><li> John Simpson</li><li> Ron Barry (Secretary, Training Bowl Admin)</li><li> Chris Valley (Vice President)</li><li> Diego Miralles (Uber-Awesome Master Designer of T-Shirts)</li><li> Rob Racer (Clubhouse Manager)</li><li> George Artz (Tech Officer)</li><li> Steve Rodrigues (GGNRA Liason, Treasurer)</li><li> Takeo Eda</li></ul><br />Exciting Flights<br /><ul><li> A ton of Major XCs at Diablo a bit over a week ago. Lots of action at Owens<br />this weekend.</li></ul><br />President<br /><ul><li> Cameras are back up. Network connection has been restored with the new gear<br />that Takeo sourced and installed.</li><li> We could put out a post to everyone in the club saying that we have the<br />shirts available and arrange payment.</li><li> Jess would like to do the Spot Landing Contest again this summer, since we<br />didn't actually get any flying done.<br />  <ul>    <li> Possibly as a memorial for (Marginal) Mark and Chief.<br />    </li><li> Possibly ridge races.<br />    </li><li> Thinking around late August.<br />    </li><li> With the state reopening, after June 15 we don't have any special<br />        restrictions on events, but we still have to give the GGNRA 30 days of<br />        advance notice.<br />    </li><li> Jess will get in contact with the families to arrange calendar and<br />    details.<br />  </li></ul></li><li> First aid clinic was very successful, we'd like to do<br />it again. It requires a minimum of 6 people and the<br />space (golf clubhouse) has a max of 12. Steve will check for availability at<br />Sharp Park Golf Course and at the Fleming Golf Course (The one at Lake Merced<br />where we had Chris Carillo's memorial) for availability of space, then we'll get<br />a date survey (Doodle Poll) on the facebook page.</li><li> Parachute clinic will also be done again. John will get dates to Jess.</li><li> John Simpson says Ramon Gomez has passed away.</li></ul><br />Vice President<br /><ul><li> Nothing to report.</li></ul><br />Treasurer<br /><ul><li> $12,001 in CD (for the roofing fund) plus $12,732.71 in Checking.</li><li> Just emailed a budget out to the board. Some changes for the year;<br />  <ul>    <li> 12 new spaces at clubhouse, good for $900/yr additional income.<br />    </li><li> Service District Charge (GGNRA) has gone up. It's now $3,724.00/yr.<br />    </li><li> Stickers are now $323.00/yr.<br />    </li><li> 110 out of 116 spaces are full. Including average donations and dues,<br />    we expect to be $1,938.61 cash positive. <br />  </li></ul></li></ul><br />GGNRA Liason<br /><ul><li> We have approval for electrical rennovation of the Doghouse.</li></ul><br />Clubhouse Manager<br /><ul><li> PO Box still empty, though we have about 20-25 of the usual suspects who<br />still haven't paid their dues. It's a considerable investment of Rob's time to<br />track you all down and remind you over and over to do it.</li><li> We had an extended conversation about how to deal with the delinquent<br />members. One option was to padlock all unpaid gliders. The other is - as<br />discussed at the beginning of the year - to revoke their access, meaning that<br />they would lose their slot. According to the rules and the application forms,<br />failure to pay by January 31 can result in flight suspension and that's where<br />we're going. IF YOU ARE NOT CURRENTLY PAID, YOUR FLYING PRIVS ARE IMMEDIATELY<br />REVOKED. WHEN YOU HAVE PAID, YOU CAN FLY. Please remember that there are<br />separate consequences for flying when you have no privs that can lead to long-<br />term suspensions.</li></ul><br />Safety Director<br /><ul><li></li></ul><br />Tandem Admin (Urs, absent)<br /><ul><li> USHPA H3 Paragliding instructor keeps blocking Funston launch &amp; violating<br />the Snowy Plover restriction. If you see this happening, get it on video (along<br />with view of pilots who are having difficulty launching or landing as a result.)<br />If a paragliding pilot violates FF regs, get it on video. If they are a USHPA<br />member, they are still subject to sanction.</li></ul><br />Tech Officer<br /><ul><li> Repeated that the link between &quot;Ropes&quot; building and clubhouse is back up.<br />George will get the invoice ($460) to Steve.</li><li> There was discussion of options for giving us better comms by using our new<br />wireless device to link with some other location (has to be line-of-sight) and<br />give us the bandwidth to give live video at The Fort.</li></ul><br />Training Bowl Admin<br /><ul><li> No-one has contacted for permission to teach.</li><li> John asked if Takeo could take his students there. They'd still be limited<br />to sledders, since H2s cannot soar at all at FF.</li></ul><br />Old Business<br /><ul><li></li></ul><br />New Business<br /><ul><li> Takeo wants to do a talk about what to do when you're hurt and want to come<br />back. There are psychological hurdles to overcome and processes to go through.<br />This would likely be a panel discussion, with people who've been through the<br />process.</li><li> Board members: please spend some time thinking about how your position could<br />improve in the next year, whether you're still in that position or not. We'll<br />discuss at the next board meeting.</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2286&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 17:19:57 GMT -->
</html>