<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=680&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 18:04:01 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - Minutes, October 14, 2008</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>Minutes, October 14, 2008</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic74fb.html?f=2&amp;t=680">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=680</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Minutes, October 14, 2008</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Fri Nov 07, 2008 11:22 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>Steve Rodrigues</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Fellow Feathers Club meeting minutes for Tuesday, October 14, 2008
<br />
<br />In attendance: Patrick, Gene, Tom, Brent, Ted, Daniel, Steve Rodrigues presiding.
<br />
<br />Presidentâ€™s report;
<br />SR asked for recent status of dog poop issue. Gene reported there seemed to be less poop than before and no recent conflicts with dog walkers. It was decided that rather than push the GGNRA around issues of enforcing permits commercial activity, the FF would ask dog walker organizations to encourage and persuade commercial dog walkers to unload as far away from the HG area as possible so nobody will have to go to GGNRA.
<br />
<br />SR suggested FF install and maintain doggy bag dispensers. It was decided that this should be the responsibility of the dog walker associations.
<br />
<br />SR said that Chris Valley would not be running for re-election as V.P. but forgot to say how much we appreciate the work he has been doing! (Thanks Chris!)
<br />
<br />SR said Tom Jensen offered to lead training bowl work parties. Tom had also suggested that we clean up behind the club house or even build a deck. It was suggested that we spread wood chips back there to discourage dogs from defecating.
<br />
<br />SR is preparing the documents required to receive non-profit status letter from the Federal Government. The cost will be between $300- and $750-. (Note: it has since been confirmed that the fee will be $300-, so SR owes Pat the $20- bet.)
<br />
<br />SR mentioned that Urs requested financial support of $300- to attend the BOD meeting this month. Motion to help Urs was tabled pending approval of 2009 budget later in the meeting.
<br />
<br />Treasures report by Daniel Myzeriky.
<br />
<br />DM passed out copies of his proposed budget for the 2009 fiscal year which began this month. Motion to accept budget was made and seconded. The budget was discussed with DM pointing out that it contained an annual amount of $300- to help our Regional Director attend the USHPA BOD meeting.
<br />The vote to accept the 2009 budget was unanimous. DM will issue a check for Urs and soon post the 2009 budget online.
<br />
<br />SR expressed his appreciation for how much DM has contributed to the club, not only for his work as treasurer, but also his creation of the FF data base, working with USHPA to allow club access to USHPA data so the FF data base can automatically confirm membership, and soon, to have the data base track sticker numbers and who handed them out. This is amazing work, Thanks Daniel!!!
<br />
<br />DM is also consolidating the FF membership form with a sticker application so the 100 or so members who have gliders in the clubhouse only have to fill out one form. This will not only streamline the data entry process for the execs, but also insure that every member has a current sticker and a waiver on file.
<br />
<br />
<br />There was much discussion and ideas offered for how to boost membership and donations by making pilots feel more like part of the club.
<br />Just some of the ideas we are working on;
<br />
<br />-Encourage pilots to become a supporting member when they apply for a sticker by making a nice donation or joining the club.
<br />
<br />-Include a free logo item with the membership, such as a hat or T-shirt. The financial effects of this idea will first need to be balanced with the potential increase in members.
<br />
<br />It was also suggested that we offer more logo apparel for sale, such as hats, jackets and hooded sweatshirts. Purchase lines for these items can be put on the sticker application cover sheet. SR will contact WOR to find out who did their embroidery work. We need ideas for some good club logos!
<br />
<br />It was noted how Chris Valley singlehandedly and on his own incentive, had Fellow Feathers T-shirts made, sold them, and donated the profits to the club in the amount of around $750-. WOW, thanks Chris!!!
<br />
<br />We finished the pizza and the meeting was adjourned.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=680&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 18:04:01 GMT -->
</html>