<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-us" xml:lang="en-us">

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2254&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-us" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Flyfunston &bull; View topic - October 2, 2020 Fellow Fetahers. Meeting Minutes</title>

<link href="styles/prosilver/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id=.php.htmlbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Flyfunston</h1>
		<p>Hang Gliding at Fort Funston<br /><a href="index-2.html">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/</a></p>

		<h2>October 2, 2020 Fellow Fetahers. Meeting Minutes</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopicf1a8.html?f=2&amp;t=2254">http://flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&amp;t=2254</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>October 2, 2020 Fellow Fetahers. Meeting Minutes</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/prosilver/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Thu Oct 01, 2020 8:17 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>RonB</strong></div>
				<div class="content">In attendance;<br /><ul><li> Isaiah Clapp (President)</li><li> Ron Barry (Vice President, Secretary)</li><li> George Artz (Technology Officer)</li><li> Jessica Koerner</li><li> Brad Martin (Safety Officer)</li><li> Rob Racer (Clubhouse Manager)</li><li> Bayley Adams</li><li> Richard Sibley</li><li> Dmitry Bryndin</li><li> Patrick Pann</li></ul><br />President<br /><ul><li></li></ul><br />Vice President<br /><ul><li> One new form, and one submitted to the box.</li></ul><br />Secretary (Report by Absentee)<br /><ul><li> Fiscal year ended September 30. All new income will be 2021 fiscal year.</li><li> New cameras for clubhouse and ranger station. ~$187.</li><li> $321 income from donations</li><li> $1,548 refund of previously paid Service District Charge. This will sync the<br />    new payment dates with our new Special Use Permit</li><li> $23,993.63, minus $12k reserve for the roofing fund gives us 11,993.63</li><li> SDC payment due ($3603) will leave us 8390.63. The excess is from the new storage<br />    room.</li><li> Still need to coordinate a $12k roofing fund CD.</li><li> Estimating a $600 in-the-black for the year.</li><li> See 2020 Treasurer's Report for full details on expendetures and budget.</li><li> Budget approved by show of hands.</li></ul><br />Clubhouse Manager<br /><ul><li> Clubhouse is still there.</li><li> Putting 3 gliders in purgatory in the next couple days, due to non-payment.</li><li> Gliders not paid by December 31 forfeit their glider to a club benefit<br />    auction, per agreements we all sign every year.</li><li> Next year's applications will have a notification that says gliders will go<br />    to purgatory on June 15 and they will lose their spot in the clubhouse if<br />    they have not paid.</li></ul><br />Safety Officer<br /><ul><li> We had a tree landing on Friday (???), right by the setup.</li></ul><br />Technology Officer<br /><ul><li> Danny found a source of weather widgets that we could embed into our webcam<br />    page &amp; we've adopted those edits.</li><li> Has been talking w/ Rick Cavalero (sp?) about the weather station he built<br />    at The Dumps. We're going to investigating replicating the same device (for<br />    around $300) and attaching it to the windsock pole, so we have weather data<br />    coming straight from the cliffside. (It's a solar/cellular implementation.)<br />    There was a vote to budget up to $600 to replicate it. George will<br />    investigate.</li></ul><br />Tandem Administrator (Not present)<br /><br />Training Bowl Administrator<br /><ul><li> Unused.</li></ul><br />GGNRA<br /><ul><li> New Special Use Permit starts today and runs 2 years instead of 1 year.</li><li> Rent has gone up to $2.97 per sqft. We didn't, during the meeting, have what<br />    the rent was before.<br />  <ul>    <li> Includes language for the new storage. We have to run electric and<br />        replace the door.<br />    </li><li> Includes language for wood chips.<br />  </li></ul></li></ul><br />Other discussion<br /><ul><li> There was a conversation about potentially donating to their live camera<br />    costs. This was generally resisted due to the recent renewal of encroachments<br />    (by PGs) that are making it difficult for HGs to fly Funston.</li><li> Patrick offered to have a talk w/ Rick about the situation.</li><li> REMINDER: Please start considering who nominees should be for 2021.</li><li> Patrick wanted us to approach GGNRA about opening concessions, charging for<br />    flights, etc.</li></ul></div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC - 8 hours [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by.php.htmlBB&reg; Forum Software &copy;.php.htmlBB Group<br />https://www.php.htmlbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from flyfunston.org/bbs/viewtopic.php.html?f=2&t=2254&view=print by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Sun, 08 Aug 2021 16:59:58 GMT -->
</html>